mayan tarot fool √

core shamanic campfire picture/ people dancing, stopping time is about ritual

integration photo needs to be summer photo, father and a son √


topographical map instead of road map on meet guides √


dael's bio: 

7 children, not 8




FOOD: 

(pic of castiron pot in or around fire)

With both Dael and Alex having professional backgrounds as cooks and caterers, our vegetarian menu is highlighted by food dishes from all over the world. As a world traveler, Dael has learned to integrate recipes coming from tex mex campfire flavors from his many years living in Mayan Central America. 

On the other hand, as a vegetarian cook for more than 50 years Dael brings in his expertise from ayuverdic traditions, the curries of Tailand, and the macrobiotic flavors of Japan. It is our dedication and challenge to provide you with exquisite, high protien, campfire flavors and full pots right to the end of the journey. 

Through his wildcrafting business Dael is also dedicated to providing fresh food, catching <b>fresh fish,</b> and gathering wild edibles and plant medicinals such as wild mushrooms, and pine and cedar bark. We are learning to live and integrate with the primal power of nature, and any wild foods that we gather or catch will highlight our abilities to live off the land. 

Alex has eight years as a professional cook and chef in both restaurants and in catering including fine dining. He specializes in cooking whole food meals from scratch, inspired by the cooking of his homesteading German grandmother, who cooked fresh amazing meals from their garden. 


For safety reasons (attracting bears) we cannot bring or cook raw meat. However, for those who prefer to have meat protein in their diet, please feel free to bring along dried or cured meat, such as jerky, so long as the packaging can be completely sealed. 






pricing and pricing structures, rules and logistics

$3000 US
~$3600 Canadian


early bird 10% off by June 1st


Adults 16 and up is full price, doesn't need guardian 
Children Under 16 must have a parent or guardian. 

Families: full price for adults, 1/2 for kids under 100 lbs. 






REGISTER (as opposed to "apply")

This adventure is open to all ages. 

Price: $3000 USD / $3600 CAN / €2550 / £2175 

Non-refundable deposit of 25% of full price necessary to reserve your spot. This includes a preliminary 1 hour personal session via video chat with Dael, as well as the 14 step process documentation. 

Early bird registration get's 10% off final price (before June 1) 

Minors under 16 must be accompanied by a guardian. 

Accompanied minors under 100 lbs are 1/2 price. 

Dael's son has come on wilderness adventures from the age of two and throughout his adolesence. We're all boyscouts and girlscouts! 

We understand that travel can be difficult for international travelors. We are here to assist you in navigating travel restrictions, including quarantine arrangements if necessary. 

Please send us any of your questions.







Travel exemptions:

getting health treatment
helping indigenous
guardians or tutors of canadian citizens

